"list"
******


Description
===========

Retrieves a list of applications and provides options to filter the
list.


Usage
=====

   oci data-integration application list [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--workspace-id [text]

DIS workspace id


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--fields [text]

This parameter allows users to specify which fields to get for an
object.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--identifier [text]

This filter parameter can be used to filter by the identifier of the
published object.

--limit [integer]

The maximum number of items to return.

--name [text]

This filter parameter can be used to filter by the name of the object.

--page [text]

The page token representing the page at which to start retrieving
results. This is usually retrieved from a previous list call.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--sort-by [text]

This parameter allows users to specify a sort field.  Supported sort
fields are *name*, *identifier*, *timeCreated*, and *timeUpdated*.
Default sort order is the descending order of *timeCreated* (most
recently created objects at the top).  Sorting related parameters are
ignored when parameter *query* is present (search operation and
sorting order is by relevance score in descending order).

Accepted values are:

   DISPLAY_NAME, TIME_CREATED

--sort-order [text]

This parameter is used to control the sort order.  Supported values
are *ASC* (ascending) and *DESC* (descending).

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
