"list-work-request-logs"
************************


Description
===========

Return a (paginated) list of logs for a given work request.


Usage
=====

   oci data-integration work-request list-work-request-logs [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--work-request-id [text]

The ID of the asynchronous request.


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--limit [integer]

This parameter allows users to set the maximum number of items to
return per page.  The value must be between 1 and 100 (inclusive).
Default value is 100.

--page [text]

This parameter will control pagination.  Values for the parameter
should come from the *opc-next-page* or *opc-prev-page* header in
previous response.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--sort-by [text]

This parameter allows users to specify a sort field.  Supported sort
fields are *name*, *identifier*, *timeCreated*, and *timeUpdated*.
Default sort order is the descending order of *timeCreated* (most
recently created objects at the top).  Sorting related parameters are
ignored when parameter *query* is present (search operation and
sorting order is by relevance score in descending order).

Accepted values are:

   DISPLAY_NAME, TIME_CREATED

--sort-order [text]

This parameter is used to control the sort order.  Supported values
are *ASC* (ascending) and *DESC* (descending).

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
